Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Your shoulder flaring?
No.
You winced.
I didn't wince.
You grimaced.
My shoulder doesn't hurt, Gus.
How long has it been hurting?
Perry wants me
to start tomorrow.
You got to be kidding.
You're not doing it.
No way. It's the end
of a shitty season.
I'm gonna talk to Perry.
Sit down, sit down. Relax.
Sir, drink?
Thank you.
It's a throwaway, Billy.
It means nothing.
Not to the Red Sox.
If I see you wince
even one time...
Oh, God.
I've got the ugliest wife
in the league.
That hurts.
It hurt my feeling.
Buckle your seat belt.
Are we expecting
Ms. Aubrey this evening?
We are.
What name
am I registered under?
Mike Nelson.
The Sea Hunt fellow,
you know.
All right.
Tell the desk that I don't
want to talk to anybody
except her, all right?
Fitch, tonight,
everything has to be perfect.
Have I ever let you down,
Mr. Chapel?
This is Mr. Chapel.
Have there been any messages?
No?
Thanks.
Hi, this is Jane.
Leave a message
and I'll get back to you.
Thanks a lot. Bye-bye.
Jane, it's Billy.
I'm worried now,
so please call.
Are you there?
Jesus. I've been banging
out here forever.
What the hell happened to you?
You weren't at the gym.
Is Jane here?
No.
Jesus.
Chap, a lot of little bottles
makes a big bottle.
Hey. That could be her.
You got to throw today, chief.
Gus, do me a favor,
all right. Get the door.
Throw some water
on your hair.
It might look like
you took a shower.
No, not at all. He's in
the bathroom back there.
Mr. Wheeler.
Good morning, Billy.
Got a minute?
Yeah, sure.
Not easy to get up here.
They treat me right.
They didn't have you
on the register.
I can't remember
all your names.
Price of fame, huh?
Can I get you something?
No.
Let's just sit.
It's been a rough season.
Yeah.
Always next year.
Not for me.
It's one of those secrets
everybody knows.
What you don't know is
it's official.
Billy, I sold the Tigers.
Well, that's great.
Is it?
Billy, you've been the heart
and soul of this team.
Like family.
All the negotiations,
the bastards
never said a word.
Said what?
They want to trade you
to the Giants.
Wow!
Is that why you're here?
No.
I don't know how to say this.
You know, I've been
watching you for 18 years.
Nothing has given me
more pleasure.
You're like the old boys.
They were golden.
They had that special pride.
When they were done,
they were done.
Nobody had to
show them the door.
Are you saying
I should retire?
Why not?
It wouldn't hurt
the negotiations,
and it'd serve
those sons of bitches right.
I don't know what to say.
You can't tell me
you haven't thought about it.
And you've been smart
with money, right? Right?
I've always been a Tiger.
I know, son.
That's why this is killing me.
You know, my dad bought
this team when I was seven.
I grew up watching the Tigers.
I was gonna leave the team
to my kids,
but they don't
even like baseball.
Everything's changed, Billy.
The players, the fans,
TV rights and arbitrations.
It isn't the same.
The game stinks, and I...
...I can't be
a part of it anymore.
Billy, you want me to...
No.
Hello? Jane.
Where are you?
You're downstairs?
No. Just stay there,
all right?
Just stay where you're at.
I'm on my way down.
What do you want me
to tell them, Billy?
Look, I need more time.
All right?
The game doesn't stink,
Mr. Wheeler.
It's a great game.
Billy, what's up?
I tried to get her
in a cab, Mr. Chapel,
but she said she wanted
to just go and walk
across Central Park.
Go easy
on our boys today, Billy.
Jane, why didn't you wait?
Are you crying?
What's the matter?
They didn't have any Kleenex
in the hotel bathroom.
What's going on, Jane?
I've been sitting in the lobby
for the last two hours.
Doing what?
I'm sorry
I didn't call last night.
I could tell that your voice
was worried and I...
If something's wrong,
just say it, Jane.
I mean, we don't...
We never had to fake it.
I'm leaving.
I'm going to London.
London?
There's a job. A good job.
An editor's position.
And I've been trying to figure
out a way to tell you,
but everything sounds so...
What can I say?
Tell me what to say.
I can't tell you, Billy.
It's all right. I knew it.
The day I met you
five years ago.
What?
You knew what?
You don't need me.
You and the ball and
the diamond, you're perfect.
A perfectly beautiful thing.
You can win or lose the game
all by yourself.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Have dinner tonight with me,
Jane, after the game.
We'll go to Mario's.
I have a 6:00 plane.
They wanted me there
a week ago when you called,
and I wanted to see you.
I wanted to say goodbye.
Goodbye, Billy.
Welcome to New York
and to Yankee Stadium
on a crisp and glorious
fall afternoon
where the Yankees try
to win the divisional title
against the Detroit Tigers.
Hi, everybody. I'm Vin Scully,
along with Steve Lyons,
and welcome to our final telecast
of the regular season.
You can smell the fall.
The World Series is
just around the corner.
Mr. Chapel?
Hey. Ken Strout. I was
your batboy a long time ago.
My dad was a Tiger.
Joe Strout. I remember.
How's he doing?
Good. He and Ma are living
in Florida.
He doesn't move
around too easy, though.
He's got bad knees.
You know, a little arthritis.
What? You playing today?
Don't think so.
They just called me up.
Good. Well, good luck to you.
Give your dad my best.
He was a great player.
Oh, thanks. I'll tell him.
Live from
Yankee Stadium in New York,
it's New York
Yankees baseball.
Today, on the next
to last day of the year,
the Yankees have a chance
to clinch the pennant.
To do it, they'll have to beat
Billy Chapel...
Excuse me.
...and the Detroit Tigers.
Excuse me. Could you
turn that off, please?
...as the Yankees are set
to clinch the pennant.
No.
But standing in their way
is the great veteran
right-hander of the Tigers,
Billy Chapel.
Does anybody else know?
No.
Nobody knows nothing.
Not even Perry.
If they knew, that's all
they'd be talking about.
Well, what does Jane say?
Jane's moving to London.
Moving to London? What the...
How are you gonna manage that?
We're not.
Billy...
This ain't your day.
What are you gonna do?
I don't know.
That's Wheeler's nephew.
He sent him down
to get your answer.
Guess he's gonna sit through
the whole game if he has to.
Poor kid.
He doesn't even know
what he's doing here.
Just throw the ball
to the glove, son.
Just play catch.
Now since
you're throwing bullets,
I won't mention
you were an hour late
and I've been trying to figure
out who my pitcher would be
if you didn't show up.
Have I ever not showed?
I mean, in 19 years,
have I ever not showed?
Well, that's true of everyone
till the first time
they don't show.
Billy, I had an idea.
I've pretty much made up
my mind,
but I wanted
to run it by you first.
I want Jimmy to catch today.
I know how you feel about Gus,
but he ain't hitting, Billy.
He ain't hit for a while now.
I haven't said anything,
but we need
the left-handed bat.
I want Gus.
I know. And I'd love to take
one of these goddamn games.
We're not laying down.
We're not gonna be a red carpet
to the Series for these guys.
Gus catches or I don't pitch.
Me and Gus. Nobody else.
I hope you hear me.
Billy, you telling me
how to run this team?
No. But today...
It's me and Gus.
I've never asked you
any other time, okay?
Good.
Glad you agree. Can't argue
about this right now.
Got to warm up.
I'm sorry.
We have a bit of a delay.
We're correcting a bit
of a maintenance problem.
So we don't have
a bit of a crash?
Is there someplace I can stay?
Yes. The Premier Lounge is
down there on your right.
Thanks.
As the sun goes down,
it'll actually be an easier
time to hit for both teams.
And now talking
about shadows and sunlight
that might very well
sum up Billy Chapel.
Long has he stood
in the brilliant sunshine
in his great 19-year career,
but now, battling back from
an 8 and 11 record this year,
trying to find his way
out of the shadows,
back into the sunlight.
He'll be facing Mike Robinson,
followed by Jonathan Warble
and then Sam Tuttle.
Bottom of the first inning,
no score,
and the Yankees coming up.
What's he looking at?
He's looking at the clouds.
You okay, Chap? Chappie!
You okay?
Catching, Number
27. Gus Sinski. Number 27.
At shortstop, Number 7.
Trying to take my hand off?
Sorry.
Just let me set
for that juice.
Warn me or something.
I'm gonna throw a little
harder than usual today.
There's your warning.
Chap, don't throw it away
too early.
Today I'm throwing hard, Gus.
You and me? One more time?
Why not?
We got you, Chapel!
You're done!
We're gonna stick
a fork in you, Chapel!
You're finished!
You are complete.
The Tigers are done!
You're done! You're finished!
Get out of town!
I can always tell
when I'm in New York.
Chapel! Yo, Chapel!
You suck!
You stink on ice!
You couldn't pitch a tent!
Clear the mechanism.
Hello, Mike.
Strike one!
Chapel working
on Robinson.
Bottom of the first inning,
no score.
And there's a little looper
to José Garcia. One away.
This is my lucky day.
How are you?
Fine. How you doing?
What'll you have?
The Bud on tap is good.
This is a beautiful day
for the big ballpark
in the Bronx.
Two solid years, and now
a third with the Yankees.
Pretty good breaking ball.
Did get it up...
A lot of guys would be upset
about missing their flight
you know,
delay this and that,
but this works out
beautiful for me.
Chapel trying
to derail the Yankees
and the Yankees trying
to end a season
that has long been finished
by Detroit.
They pushed this guy up
to pitch this game,
so basically we clinch
today and I get to see it.
Beautiful.
Hi. What can I get for you?
Chivas and water.
Okay, here we go.
Everything is...
Look at that. It's early.
You got nuts, chips? Some?
Got those pretzels.
I can make do.
Thank you.
Good fastball
with some movement on it.
Down goes Warble.
He swung at that?
This guy,
he's got nothing now.
It's like, if I was Boston,
I'd be worried.
I'd be like, "What?
Are you throwing the game?"
This guy used to be a monster,
to tell you the truth.
When he first came up,
unhittable. Now he's a junker.
...three years in a row. In
baseball circles, we all know
that there's no love lost
between these two.
They don't like
each other too much.
At third base,
Number 13, Sam Tuttle.
Sam Tuttle.
I can't think of a better
reason not to be a Yankee.
Sam Tuttle hit. 625.
He went 5 for 8
against Chapel this year.
That would make me
not like a guy.
I would think so.
Fastball on the inside
corner. Strike one.
Wasn't that inside?
Never do swing at
the first pitch, do you, Sam?
No. We're
off the page now, Gus.
This is between
me and Ugly. Straight heat.
Attaboy.
Strike two!
That shit's outside.
No wonder nobody
likes you, Tuttle.
Everything's
a goddamn debate.
Fastball, and it runs
right on that outside corner.
So 0 and 2
the count to Sam Tuttle.
I saw that shitty little
Hollywood movie you did.
Ball!
I guess Sinski
wanted that one.
So did Chap. You
see the reaction on his face.
That's a good pitch
on the outside corner.
Tuttle didn't like
the first two calls,
and now he gets a break
on that outside corner.
That's not the kind of pitch
that Chapel's gonna like
being called
a ball all day long.
Don't crowd me, Sam.
I hate being crowded.
No!
One and two the count,
and Tuttle has really
moved up on the plate.
He's all over
the plate right now.
Now you got the idea.
Down goes Tuttle.
What a knockdown pitch
that was.
There's a message
being delivered.
Yankee Stadium is
like a schoolyard
and Bill Murdie looks like
a teacher who sees trouble.
They say in every great
athlete there's a mean streak
and Billy Chapel's
no different.
Bill Murdie goes
from umpire to referee.
Anytime I played
against this guy,
if he felt like
he had good stuff,
he'd flip you like this.
He'd throw a ball
right over your head
just to let you know,
"I can throw the ball
anywhere I want today."
You know, I've been
a Yankee fan since 1958.
I can name a Yankee
for every number.
Oh, God. Please don't.
Number One: Billy Martin,
Bobby Richardson.
Number Two: Frank "The Crow"
Crosetti and Bobby Murcer.
Number Three: The Babe.
Number Four: Gehrig.
Five: DiMaggio. Six...
Excuse me.
...Clete Boyer, Roy White.
Would you mind?
You can't smoke in a bar.
What, now you can't
talk in a bar?
This ain't church, lady.
Oh, what a restore.
Tuttle back up to the plate.
Two and two!
Same shit, different day?
I'd throw it at you again,
but I'm afraid
Murdie'd run me.
Strike three!
Oh, good breaking ball.
Got him looking.
What a great job
setting up the hitter.
Let's take
another look.
Tuttle looks like a deer
caught in the headlights.
Chapel jelly-legged him.
So at the end of one,
Tigers nothing,
Yankees nothing.
All right. Here we go now.
Four, five, six. Let's get
something started.
José, atta-baby. It's all
about positioning. All right?
You got to wait on this guy.
Mike, can I have some water?
Sure thing, Billy.
You all right?
You got it going good
out there.
Make sure you save something.
Birch wants
to play golf tomorrow.
You know, I played golf
with Birch the day I met Jane.
You doing all right?
Yeah.
I'm not hearing them
at all out there.
Yeah, that'll fix it.
I don't need any help.
I can see that.
I can see you got your car
kicked completely
into submission.
I mean it. Just go away.
I can always tell
when I'm in New York.
Do you really know
anything about cars?
You want me to have
a look at it?
Okay. It's not mine.
It's just a trashy rental.
Yeah. Mine, too.
Why don't you try the key, see
if we can't get it started.
I should've paid attention
in auto shop. Ouch.
What did you do?
Well, I was...
I have no idea. I don't...
I don't know anything
about cars.
I was just trying
to be manly.
That was great, thank you.
You saved my day.
Of course I did.
I said I would.
Where you headed?
I'm not sure.
Bear Mountain, maybe.
I just threw my stuff
in the car and took off.
Had to get out of the city.
How come?
'Cause summer's over
and I missed it.
I work all the time. It makes
me feel old. I don't know.
Oh!
Well, thanks again.
So, what's the problem?
My problem seems
to be solved.
Oh, no.
Wait a second.
The car's fine.
Yeah, but listen, honey.
I gave up on four calls
hauling my ass out to you.
Okay? That's $100 to me,
so if nothing's wrong
with this car now
there will be when I bring it
down to the city. Okay?
Everything all right?
Everything's
peaches, mac.
You're Billy Chapel.
I can't believe it.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
I can't believe this.
Oh, I'm sorry.
You know, you're the greatest
freaking ballplayer out there.
I'm sorry.
But you really are.
I'm gonna go get that.
You stay right here, okay?
Billy Chapel.
Nice to meet you.
Jane Aubrey.
You know, I got this problem.
See, I'd like to keep
talking with you,
but I got to go to work.
Just a sec. Hey!
I'll get there
when I get there.
Can you do me a favor?
Anything.
We got a bum deal
on this rental here,
so if you could...
If you could haul this
back to town for us,
I'd really appreciate it.
I can't take that.
Wait a second.
What are you doing?
You like baseball?
What?
Baseball.
No, not really. Hey...
You ever been?
No.
Would you like to go?
Would you like to go
to a baseball game with me?
Billy, if she don't
want to go, I'll go.
Don't let that happen.
Lady, you can't just stand
in the middle like that.
Oh. Sorry.
Let me see your ticket.
You're with the players'
wives. Follow me.
Thanks. Excuse me.
Sorry. Sorry.
Hey there, excuse me.
Who are you here with, honey?
Billy Chapel.
Oh, how nice.
This week's blonde.
No, stay.
You're cool. Trust me.
I've been there, all right?
I'm Kisha Birch.
Hi.
Jane Aubrey.
Nice to meet you.
Strike three!
You got a ball?
Yeah.
You don't lose much, do you?
I lose. I've lost.
About 134 times.
Oh!
That's over, like,
15 years, okay?
Oh!
You count them?
We count everything
in baseball. I mean,
God, that's all we do.
All right, quit stalling.
What?
You haven't told me
anything about you. Nothing.
I figured if I kept
my mouth shut,
I could pass
for elegant and mysterious.
You're forgetting
I saw you on the highway,
kicking the hell out
of your car.
Where are you from?
Oh, God.
Three questions.
Syracuse, New York.
That's one.
What are the pads for?
This one is my article on
lip gloss for Elle magazine
this one is on skin peels,
and my grocery list.
Last question.
How do you like to be kissed?
You know, I've always thought
that men and women should
just carry around signs.
You know, if you're poor
and you can't afford it,
you would make yours
out of cardboard and string.
And if you're rich, you could
have it lettered in gold leaf
or pounded out of tin
by Mexican craftsmen,
it doesn't matter.
But you wear them
around your neck. See?
And they say things
like "shallow" or "horny."
It just would be
a hell of a lot easier.
What would yours say?
Billy, isn't this your floor?
I think so.
We've been here twice before.
Good morning.
Got to go.
Sleep as long as you want.
You can take a shower,
anything you want.
Nobody'll bother you
till you take the sign
off the door.
Okay. Thanks.
What's this? A souvenir?
It's my number.
Billy, you don't have
to give me this.
I know I don't have
to do this, but I wanted to.
When will you be back?
I already checked.
Four weeks from Thursday I'll
be back in New York, so...
That Thursday night
meet me in the bar
downstairs at 10:00, okay?
I'll be there waiting for you.
If you don't show up,
if you leave me standing
in that bar, it'll ruin this.
Well, then I guess
I'll just have to show up.
I'm serious.
I'll be there, Jane, okay?
Okay, Billy Chapel.
Birch, baby! Kiss that bitch
goodbye! Take it over!
Clear the mechanism.
You look old, Davis.
Are we that old?
And the fastball
sinks at the knees,
picks up the corner
and the count 0 and 1.
Don't smile at me, Davis.
I hate that.
It was a sad day in Detroit
when Gary Wheeler,
the owner of the Tigers
and a somewhat
beleaguered franchise,
was forced to trade Davis
Birch, who was a free agent.
Detroit could not come up
with his monetary demands.
The Yankees were waiting with
open arms and an open wallet.
It was your team, too.
I mean, how much money
we got to make?
You want to see my team?
Let's go play.
That's my team over there.
You got it. I'll be out
in a second, okay?
Billy, are you gonna just
sit there and mope
or are you gonna help?
I ain't carrying no books.
Where's the pillows?
You're the best, kiddo.
The best around.
The worthy opponent.
The 0-1 pitch,
and the bottom just drops
out of it. Strike two.
Look at Birch staring
out at Chapel saying,
"Where's that curveball
coming from?
"You never had that curveball
when we played together."
It don't happen that often,
but I got you mixed up,
don't I?
You're guessing now,
aren't you?
Well, here's your fastball.
Right down the pipe so
you don't walk away thinking
I was afraid
to give it to you.
Strike!
Fastball runs
on the inside corner.
Strike three called.
Jesus, Birch,
I could've hit that.
So, Billy Chapel
all business,
taking care of Birch
on three pitches.
Lenny Howell will follow.
If you don't show up,
if you leave me standing
in that bar, it'll ruin this.
Cab, Mr. Chapel?
You leaving?
Yeah, I was supposed
to meet someone, but they...
I'm sorry.
I wasn't gonna come.
I actually sat
in my apartment,
counting the hours
to the time
when I was not gonna show up
to meet you and then I just...
Oh, God.
Billy Chapel.
Why do you always use
both my names?
So I know
what I'm up against.
I had a great time with you
last month.
It's not that.
Don't get me wrong.
It's just that...
I don't mean to sound like
anything or anything.
But, but I don't do that.
And I'm not saying
anything about it.
What?
I just don't do it,
not since college.
What don't you do?
I just... You know what?
I think I should go home.
Why?
Because I just don't
screw like that!
And I hate that word.
You want the cab,
Mr. Chapel?
Give it to somebody else.
I don't go to hotel rooms
with men I don't know.
Billy, I can't be a groupie.
You're not a groupie, Jane.
You don't look like one
or act like one.
I didn't treat you like one.
Wasn't I a gentleman?
Yes, I know.
But you pull up
out of nowhere,
you start my car,
you make me laugh
and the next thing I know,
I'm at a baseball game
that you win!
I mean, it's so surreal.
Little boys buy cards
with your picture on them.
They buy those for the gum.
God damn it!
What?
God damn what?
I like you.
So what's the problem?
I'm really not at all
the person you think I am.
And I think it would just be
more fair for both of us
for me to just leave.
Well, forget it.
What's the difference?
I mean... What? No.
Here, give me the thing.
What's the difference
between the real you
and this other you?
The real me is...
The real me is plain,
uninteresting and hates
sexy underwear
because it's really
uncomfortable.
All right.
So, the real you is a bummer.
This can't be what you were
looking for from this evening.
Be totally honest with me.
That day I fixed your car,
Jane, I got lucky.
And maybe you got lucky, too.
I mean, I know we don't
know each other so well,
but that's what I was hoping.
I mean, we don't have to...
We could, like, walk.
I mean, we could walk like...
We can just walk.
Walk?
I could walk.
We don't have to talk
so much either.
Okay.
Border collie.
My dad loved
the Blue Heelers.
Is he still alive?
No, they're both gone.
Him first,
and then her within a year.
He was a good man.
Very tall. Very reserved.
Passionately in love
with two things,
my mother and baseball.
Then he was a lucky man.
Okay.
So, how do we do this?
How does this work, Billy?
I told you,
I have to be here next month
for a couple of days.
I want to see you.
Okay.
So, when you're away
I'll live my life
and you'll live yours.
And none of this stupid, bullshit,
why-didn't-you-call-me crap.
And what you do
when you're not with me
has nothing to do with me,
and vice versa.
No questions asked.
No worrying. No obsessing.
That sounded perfect.
Good night.
My back keeps breaking out.
Candy says it's gross.
Use the loofah.
The what?
The loofah. It exfoliates.
You're losing it
over this girl.
I met this woman in New York.
I'm thinking
of asking her down.
Call her.
No, you know,
it's not... It's casual.
I've seen her a few times
over the winter in New York
when I happened to be there.
Call her.
Hello?
I'm having this problem
with my skin peel.
I was just thinking about you.
Yeah? What were you thinking?
I was wondering when
you play your first series
against the Yankees.
Jane, come down here.
What?
Come see me.
Come spend the weekend.
Meet my friends.
I don't know, Billy.
What do you mean,
you don't know?
I've got a ton of work to do,
and you know,
I can't afford
to be running off...
So I'll pay.
No.
It's not that.
Look, we made the rules.
I think we should
stick to them.
There's no rules about having
fun. I mean, that's bullshit.
Why is it bullshit?
Because if all you wanna do
is have fun, then you would
come here down here
'cause this is fun.
You know who sat
in the bleachers last Sunday?
Who?
Sandy Koufax.
You are such a...
You are such a guy.
You are like the ultimate guy.
What? You don't like guys?
I need a regular guy,
not the guy on
the Old Spice commercial.
It was Right Guard.
What?
It was Right Guard,
that commercial.
I was being
metaphorical, Billy.
Look, this is crazy.
What am I supposed to do?
I'm supposed to run down
there and meet Sandy Koufax,
get his autograph and sleep
with Mr. Right Guard?
What are you so afraid of?
I'm not afraid.
I can't be a groupie.
You know, that's
the second time you used
that word to me, Jane,
and it didn't really go down
that well the first time.
Now you're mad.
No, I'm not mad.
I'm just pissed off.
Billy, that's not fair.
I'm gonna hang up now,
all right?
Let's just start from...
I'll call you another time.
Wait. No.
When will you call me?
Like, when I don't feel
like killing you.
I told her.
So, I haven't seen you
around much lately.
I've been working hard.
Yeah, well.
All work and no play.
All I've got is
my toothbrush
and a bathing suit
I bought at the airport.
You're not smiling.
You're annoyed.
No.
I'm an idiot.
No, I'm an idiot.
Jane, listen to me.
No matter what happens
in the next five minutes,
I want you to know
that when I opened this door
I was so happy to see you
that my heart leapt.
It leapt in my chest. Okay?
Okay.
Hey, Billy,
can I borrow your...
Blow dryer?
Don't go.
It's not your...
Jane!
I have terrible timing.
I've always had it.
You know, that's why
I failed at acting
and skiing and table tennis.
I should have known when
the only flight to Lauderdale
was at 6:10 a.m.
and the only rental car
I could get
was this ridiculous Lincoln.
The car is perfect.
It's perfect.
That girl...
Please. You don't have to do
this. I'm not angry or hurt.
We're not anything.
You're fine.
You can do whatever you want.
I know I can do... I just...
I don't want her.
Then what is she doing here?
Well, I like her.
She's my masseuse.
It's never quite
how you play it in your head.
What about the whole
deal thing?
What deal?
You know, you do what you do,
I do what I do.
You believed that?
I was lying.
I was trying to be the man.
And I was doing
a damn good job of it
until you invited me
down here.
You were right.
I was afraid.
I was afraid you were
gonna break my heart
into 1,000 pieces.
I'm sorry. Jane.
I've been thinking
about you, Jane.
I don't know what I was...
That was a...
All right, tell me what I can
say so you'll believe me.
I believe you.
Then stay.
Please, Jane.
I want you to stay.
This can only end bloody
for me, Billy.
I saved the sign.
You know the "yes" sign?
I pinned it on the wall
in my locker. God damn it!
It was stupid!
Strike three called.
On the corner.
Strike three!
Fastball, got him looking.
That's strikeout number five
for Billy Chapel
and he is really
on a roll now.
Franklin, obviously
annoyed at what he thinks
is a bad call
is muttering as he goes up
the first base line.
Bill Murdie showing
some patience,
but right back at him,
ready to bite.
Here's that pitch again.
It looked like it was in the
heart of the strike zone.
It's a little surprising
that Franklin was so annoyed.
And it looks like
for Bill Murdie,
the pot is
about ready to boil over.
So, a dominant inning
for Billy Chapel,
striking out the side.
You're in the zone.
Number 24.
Feels good.
Now, there's
Mickey Hart, 0 for 1.
No score, fourth inning.
Jack Spellman doing well.
Has allowed only two hits
to the Tigers
and meanwhile, Billy
Chapel in perfect control.
Oh, Mickey'll be gone
next year, too.
Poor guy.
Never could get a break.
Where was that catch
he missed?
The one that hit him?
They still play that on
Diamond Vision all the time.
"There goes another
rubber tree plant."
Fenway.
Everything's all right, man.
Guess that looked pretty funny
out there today, huh?
Probably end up
on ESPN or something.
Lot of shit ends up
on ESPN I don't think
is very funny, Mick.
Phone call, Mr. Chapel.
There's a bunch of cameras
out there,
waiting to make
a joke of this, Mick.
So you can either stop,
give them the sound bite,
do the dance,
or you hold your head up
and walk by,
and the next time
we're in Boston
we'll go out there and we'll
work the wall together.
Don't help them make
a joke out of you.
Old school, baby. He's right.
- Chapel.
- It's Jane.
I got your number
from the front office.
I hope that it's okay.
No, that's all right.
Don't worry about it.
What's wrong?
Something's happened.
It's my daughter.
She ran away. And...
Your daughter?
I'll tell you.
I don't have time now.
But she's there in Boston.
Her father lives there.
Oh, God.
We had a fight and she...
All right.
Jane, just slow down,
all right? Just slow down.
She climbed down the fire escape
and went to Penn Station
got on a train to go to her
father, but he's not there.
What's the address?
8245 Clackton.
What's her name?
Freedom.
Freedom?
Scared you, didn't I?
Heather. It's Heather.
Heather?
It's okay.
I'm the guy your mom said
was coming to get you.
Let's get out of here
before we get our asses
kicked twice in one night.
Heather?
You're Heather.
And you're
the baseball player.
My mom can do nothing normal.
Shut up.
Do you want something?
I'll have a V8.
What is it with single men
and V8 juice?
I mean, my dad's fridge has
nothing but mustard in it,
but when I come to visit,
it has mustard, fish sticks,
and this big jug of V8 Juice.
Like, if he makes me
choke down a glass,
he's being healthy
and fatherly.
Well, I like V8.
It's nutritious.
So, are you
my mom's boyfriend?
I'm not sure.
But you've slept with her.
V8. It's a refreshing blend
of eight vegetable juices.
What did you and
your mother fight about?
I didn't come home from school
when I was supposed to
because I was
with Mark Elton and...
She freaked out
because he has facial hair
and his parents
are never home.
And I said,
"We didn't do anything."
And she said,
"You could have."
And I said,
"Well, I might love him."
And she said,
"You don't know what love is."
And I said, "Well, I'm gonna
do what I want to do."
And she said,
"Well, not in this house."
And...
So I went to my dad's because
he doesn't care what I do
'cause he's stoned
90 percent of the time.
She just...
She doesn't want me
to make the same
mistakes that she did.
I mean, she had me
when she was 16.
I know she never had
a love story.
And now, it's like
she doesn't believe in it.
Oh, honey, I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry, too.
I'm so sorry.
Thank you.
Billy?
Come up.
Don't ever do
that again, okay?
Okay.
We can always work it out,
all right? Just talk to me.
Honey, you want
some spaghetti?
No, it's okay. I'm tired.
You sure?
Yeah. I ate on the plane.
Okay.
How was it?
It was good.
It was really small.
She's already asleep.
Thank you.
Why didn't you tell me?
I don't know.
I protect her, maybe too much.
Some guys meet her
and they don't come
around anymore.
She thinks it's her fault.
You want some tea,
or something? I could make...
You hungry?
No, I'm good.
It's nice.
Good home.
Thanks.
I like to hold it in my hand
'cause I know somewhere
you're doing the same thing.
I'm glad you called me.
I'm really glad.
What are you doing down there?
My foot's been kicking
something down here all night.
What is...
It's not mine.
Oh, you mean
it doubles as a flashlight?
It's really a flashlight.
No wonder you have
so many batteries
in this room.
Shut up.
I'm hungry.
I'm starving.
To the kitchen.
About 20 hours of labor.
Nicky was so freaked out,
he didn't even stick
around for my sixth month.
But there was
this unbelievable nurse
who stayed double shift
to be with me
and feed me ice chips
and tell me when to breathe
and push and scream and...
Then, finally she came out.
And they laid her
on my stomach,
and I could feel
her little heartbeat
and I just kept thinking,
over and over,
"You and me.
You and me, little girl."
And then I rigged out
my backpack
like those baby slings
they have now
and we walked out of there
two kids together.
What are you thinking?
That you're heroic,
and I admire you.
And you care a lot about me,
but you can't afford
to get involved.
Is that what's next?
No.
I was thinking
about you and Heather.
And me.
I was really thinking about
how nice it would be
to spend time together.
Oh, these are great.
We'll use them
in Central Park.
No, we can use them out here.
You ever gotten
your heart broken?
Yeah.
When we lost
the pennant in '87.
Would you still love me
if I got burned in a fire?
Yes.
If I ran into a tree
and got paralyzed?
Yes.
What if I were
totally disfigured?
If my face were
all scraped away,
I had no arms, no legs,
no brain waves
and I was being kept alive
on a heart-lung machine,
would you love me?
No.
But we could still
be friends, though.
Do you believe in God?
Yes.
How old do you think
you're gonna be when you die?
Do you like
white meat or dark?
Dark.
Dark?
You know,
the dark part's more fatty.
But it's cool.
It's cool to like that part.
You like it chopped up and...
You know how people dice it
in that salad, the chef salad?
Or you like it torn? 'Cause
I personally like it torn.
Not that you have
to like it how I like it.
No questions.
Why do you
ask me all this stuff?
Because I want
to know you.
Breaking ball. A comebacker,
right at Billy Chapel
to hold on to the line drive.
This is one of those
chuck-and-duck pitches.
When you throw like that, it
comes back at you that quick
it's almost like
the ball catches you.
And so far, Chapel
is getting away with it.
Go Tigers! Go Tigers!
So, we have one
out here in the top
of the sixth inning. No score.
Spellman has allowed two hits.
Chapel has been perfect.
And the batter is
Gus Sinski, 0 for 1.
Gus has had a tough
year this year at the plate,
but they really pay him for
what he does behind the plate.
He handles his pitching staff
so well
and any kind of hit
that he gets
is a bonus for this club.
Jaime Ruiz is a little
slow in coming up with it.
Get down! Get down!
Safe!
Damn it! It was close!
He beat the play!
Good call.
Well, in a game like this,
that could be a huge play.
The last leg double Sinski had
was during
the Reagan administration.
And the Yankees are now on the
phone talking to the bullpen.
And they get a left-hander up.
Bobby Mack is ticked off
with the Yankees
and he gives batter José
Garcia the intentional walk.
So, in a moment, there will be
runners at first and second,
one out in the sixth,
no score, and a left-hand
hitter coming up.
That would be Brian Whitt.
Jane!
I was just looking
for you. Billy?
Oh, my God.
I can't feel anything.
Hold this. Close your
fingers around it.
Hold it up. Hold it up.
Hold on, Billy.
Occupation?
Pitcher. He's hurt his hand.
We need a doctor.
Are you his wife?
No.
Are you a relative?
Then I'll have to ask you
to wait outside.
Jane!
My friend cut his hand.
It's bleeding very deeply.
Is there one of you
that can please help?
Ma'am!
Is this not America?
Is baseball not
America's favorite pastime?
Can I help you?
Are you a doctor?
Yes.
Thank you, God.
- Jane.
- I'm right here.
Jane, call Mike Udall.
What?
The trainer in Detroit.
Call him.
Tell him what happened.
I'm going with you.
Sorry. There's not enough room
in the medevac.
You're gonna need
to stay here.
Jane!
Call Mike!
He's the most important person
for me right now.
You need to clear out.
There's a little flare
just by Howell's glove
into right field.
Here comes Sinski. Colborn
waved him to the plate.
The throw. He is in there!
Safe! Safe!
And the Tigers
take a 1-0 lead.
But what a great slide
by Sinski,
sliding away
from the play at the plate.
Jim Colborn, the third base
coach, didn't even hesitate.
He had their catcher,
the slowest guy on their team,
coming around third,
trying to score
in a scoreless ball game
had no hesitation at all.
Sent him all the way.
It's all bullshit,
Billy. Don't listen to it.
You've done it all.
You've won every award
there is to win.
You've got a room reserved
at Cooperstown, Billy.
I just don't know how much
more you have to prove.
And even if you do come back,
you're not gonna be
100 percent.
Billy, you may not even be 50.
- What'd you say?
- Nothing.
Let's knock off for today.
Jane's here.
What did you say?
I didn't say anything.
You said "if."
I didn't mean "if."
But you said "if."
Come on, I only meant that...
You think I'm not coming back?
Billy.
Say it.
You're tired.
Let's quit for...
Say it, chickenshit.
You got a job.
That's to get me strong,
and get me back. All right?
You get me back.
I'll figure out how to win.
You want to work
with me tomorrow,
you get your mind right.
You get it right,
or you don't come around me.
You mad at me or Mike?
Why would I be
mad at Mike?
You practically
tore his head off.
Talk to me.
Talk? You don't want to talk.
You just want to give me your
version of why I should quit.
I want this shit out of here.
What are you trying to do?
Are you trying to make me mad?
You're gonna pack up my things
and make me go
so you can sit here in the dark
and feel sorry for yourself.
Well, forget it, Billy.
You can't cook.
You can't drive.
I'll hire somebody
to drive me.
Someone who doesn't talk?
Doesn't think bad thoughts?
Billy, we are gonna
get through this.
You just have to try.
We've got to be...
Try! Try! God damn it, Jane.
I'm the only one
who's trying here.
Now I got nobody in the front
office, nobody in the press,
and now I got nobody
in this house that thinks
I'm gonna make it back.
I have been nothing
but supportive of you.
I don't even want you here,
Jane! I mean...
Don't you get it?
You make me feel distracted.
You make me feel weak.
Billy, you taught me
something.
You taught me
how to believe again.
How good things can happen,
and that they will happen.
But now you need
to let me teach you
something about what I know.
About how sometimes life seems
like it's slamming you down,
but it's really
giving you a gift.
I had a baby when I was 16.
That could have wrecked me,
but it didn't.
Instead it was the best thing
that ever happened to me.
You mean if life
gives you lemons,
you make lemonade?
You are such an asshole.
Yeah. Well, if you're telling
me I'm not ever gonna
hold that ball again...
I can't.
I mean, haven't you ever loved
anything that much?
I'll call the airlines.
See what kind
of flights I can make.
You do that.
Strike!
Uh-oh.
Something happen to Chapel?
Frank Perry is on
the steps of the dugout
and apparently
he didn't like what he saw.
Give me the ball.
What are you looking...
Give me the ball!
Stay there.
There's something wrong
with either his arm,
his elbow
or his shoulder there.
He doesn't look
very comfortable.
Bill, he's hurt.
Now here he comes.
He's going out to visit.
You just do
something there?
No.
You hurting?
How long?
Ten years.
What do you want to do?
I'd like you to smile at me,
pat me on the fanny
and march your butt
to that dugout and sit down.
That's what I'd like.
I want this goddamn
game, Billy.
Well, I want it, too.
If it gets any worse,
I'll sit down.
Ready to go?
Where's my pat?
Thank you.
You let me know.
Yeah. He's all right.
He's flexing his hand.
What?
He does that
when his arm's tingling.
Pretty soon he's not gonna be
able to feel anything and...
You know him?
Yeah, and I know
Mickey fucking Mantle.
Hey, watch the language, okay?
There's people in here.
God, I hate Yankee fans.
Hey, you leaving?
How can you leave
when your guy's winning?
He's not gonna win.
How do you know?
Because he's hurting
and he won't tell anyone,
and he won't come out.
I don't know.
Honey, I hope you're wrong.
As you
mentioned earlier,
there's no love lost at all
between Tuttle and Chapel
and Tuttle would just love
to break up this perfecto
right now.
Yes, he would.
And he bunts up
along third! Down to get it.
Backhanded by Chapel,
throws to first.
What are you bunting for,
Tuttle?
We need a hit,
you pansy!
And for the third time today,
Sam Tuttle has boiled over,
arguing now
with first base umpire
Richie Garcia.
Take another look at it.
The only guy that can
field this ball is Chapel.
He's like a cat off the mound,
going to the side.
He slides and picks up
the ball and throws it.
That enabled him
to get up quicker
than to just bend over.
What a mix
we have going on
for the last two innings.
And sitting alone upstairs,
owner Gary Wheeler
reportedly has already sold
his ball club, the Tigers,
to the corporate group
in the box to his left.
And now an unconfirmed report
beginning to ripple the water
that the corporate's
first business would be
to trade Billy Chapel
when the season is over.
So, as so often happens
in a ball game,
there are
so many other undercurrents
so many more things
than meet the eye,
and here we have it all.
A beleaguered owner
selling a ball club,
perhaps the new owner selling
the biggest star on the club
and all the while,
Billy Chapel perhaps
trying to make
the decision of his life.
Does he remain
a big leaguer?
Or, after 19 years,
will he call it quits?
See that?
Man, it just takes off.
I just don't even
know where...
Use the seams.
Well, I am using the seams,
but I can't feel the seams.
Just...
Tell her about the exhibition
you went to with
the she-male paintings.
You know, the portraits...
Tell her that one.
You tell them.
It's your story.
Please. Will you excuse me?
Sure.
Thanks.
But I don't have enough
black on, or what?
No. It's just that
you're not on the list.
Oh!
So, you need
an invitation to get in.
Here comes my invitation.
It's all right.
I tried to tell him
that baseball's America's
favorite pastime,
but he wasn't...
I called your office.
They told me where you were.
I hope you don't mind.
How's your hand?
Better?
You look beautiful.
Jane.
Excuse me just one moment.
Jane, what's the ma...
Billy Chapel?
Yeah.
So nice to finally
meet you. I'm Ian.
Ian? The editor?
Yes, I guess so.
Jane's told me
so much about you.
So, you're
in town with the team?
Yeah.
I saw you play against
the Padres in the World Series
back in the '80s
when I worked in LA.
It was fantastic.
You like baseball?
Yeah, sure.
May I?
So, do you like the paintings?
No?
Would you excuse us?
We're gonna have a drink.
Sure. Go ahead.
You don't smoke.
I do sometimes.
Billy, you surprised me here.
I didn't know...
I have to go.
Let me walk you.
Let me give you a ride.
I can't.
Why not?
Because I came with someone.
What?
I came with Ian.
Thank you so much for coming.
You mean like a date?
Are you seeing him?
Yes.
I haven't seen you in five
months. You haven't called.
I called.
Three times in five months.
You knew what I was doing.
What about
what I've been doing?
You have no idea
what I've been doing
for the last five months.
When you come in here,
you insult my friends,
you embarrass me...
I didn't insult anybody.
The prick asked me if I liked
the painting. I said I didn't.
And I didn't come in here
to embarrass you.
I mean, you could have
told me.
said something to me.
Said what?
God damn it, Jane,
you never just
lay it out there.
Lay what out there?
That you hurt me?
Is that what you want?
How they...on the plane
ride home
the flight attendant had
to ask me how I was?
How in the cab,
I couldn't tell the cab
driver where I lived?
Or how I had to beg Heather
to sleep with me?
Is that what you want?
Is that what you want me
to tell you?
I'll tell you all about it.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry about
what I said to you
that day in the condo.
It's all right.
It doesn't matter anymore.
I think maybe that
you and I are just
not the same kind of people.
Look, I'm pitching tomorrow
night in Yankee Stadium.
I want you to come.
No.
You and Heather.
Please. It's my first game
back. I want you to be there.
I'll be watching you.
You know I'll always
be watching you.
Just not from
the friends' box.
The Tigers
with a 1-0 lead,
but the story would be
the inability of the Yankees
to do anything with Chapel.
No runs, no hits, no errors,
but more importantly,
no base runners of any kind.
Billy Chapel is looking
a possible perfect game
right in the eye.
Billy Chapel all alone,
his teammates staying away.
They don't want
to intrude upon the zone.
So Wheeler rooting for a kid
that he signed when...
You guys, please.
...Billy Chapel was
in high school.
And Wheeler now seeing
the fruition of the hope
and the long work in the
19 years, with six outs away.
How you doing, ace?
Anybody been on base?
Nobody.
Nobody?
This I ain't seen much of.
Me neither.
Chappie!
I never have.
What's the matter?
I don't know
if I have anything left.
Chappie!
You just throw whatever
you've got. Whatever's left.
The boys are all here for you.
We'll back you up.
We'll be there.
'Cause, Billy,
we don't stink right now.
We're the best team
in baseball right now, right
this minute, 'cause of you.
You're the reason.
We're not gonna screw that up.
We're gonna be awesome
for you right now.
Just throw.
All right? Come on. Come on.
Billy Chapel has
retired 21 consecutive batters
striking out eight.
And as the Fates
would have it,
one of his closest friends
and a former teammate,
Davis Birch, will try to snatch
the diamond away from him.
Leading off in the bottom
of the eighth inning.
Ball one, and now
the question, of course
how much petrol has
Billy Chapel got in the tank?
Remember, it was just two
innings ago
that he started to hurt,
the arm tightened up.
Somehow or other
he got through it,
but now
he is in the eighth inning,
facing a most
dangerous hitter.
Ball two.
Jim, get Stafford up.
Frank...
I can see the scoreboard.
I know what's going on, okay?
Just in case.
Retire!
Billy. Billy,
you can do it.
Just calm down.
Throw the ball to the glove.
Just play catch.
So a moment of truth,
and he's had several,
for Billy Chapel.
3 and 0.
Strike one!
You want to see
a big-time pitch?
When you consider the noise,
the situation, this stadium,
that's unbelievable.
Well, they put
the handcuffs on him, 3 and 0,
but he's such
an aggressive hitter
you know they're gonna
green-light him 3 and 1.
There it goes!
There's a high drive
into deep right field!
Back goes Mickey Hart
to the track at the wall
and leaps up
and one-hands it!
Yeah, yeah.
I love you, Mickey Hart!
He took a home run
away from Davis Birch
and the perfecto is
still alive!
What a play
by Mickey Hart right here.
This is a ball right out
over the middle
and Birch just hammers it.
You got lucky again, Chapel!
That's a great play!
I'll miss you the most,
Scarecrow.
Ma'am? Are you coming?
I'm sorry.
You'll have to board now.
Ma'am?
Give my seat to somebody else.
Twenty-two consecutive
outs retired by Billy Chapel
and he goes head-to-head
with Lenny Howell.
Fastball pulled
to the right side.
A sliding stop
by Marcus Ransom to get him.
That's the second time today
that Ransom has taken
a base hit away
from Lenny Howell.
And now four outs away.
We haven't seen Billy
Chapel go this far into a game
for a lot of starts now.
He looks very, very tired.
Now the batter
will be Ted Franklin,
the local boy from New York.
You know he wants to atone
for two strikeouts.
Gus!
High, twisting foul,
off to the right of the plate.
Sinski coming back,
and makes the play.
Chapel has done it
for eight, retiring
24 consecutive batters.
Billy Chapel is certainly
getting more than a little
help from his friends.
Thanks.
Billy Chapel, right?
Right.
I took my kids to see you
play your rookie year
a long time ago.
You were great.
Thank you.
I'll be there
in one minute.
Billy?
Do you remember me?
Heather! Sweetheart.
How are you? I mean...
What are you doing here?
I'm going to U.S.C.
Really?
Yeah.
That's great.
Are you playing
the Angels or...
Yeah, here for the Angels.
And how's your season going?
Okay.
Well, not so good, really,
but it's almost over now.
How's your mom?
Heather, hurry up.
She's good. She's really good.
Heather!
Go.
I miss you.
I miss you, too.
You don't have plans, do you?
No, I don't.
Well, I'm gonna be there,
and it's been awhile.
A long time.
I just thought dinner
at the Waldorf might be nice.
About 6:00?
How about 8:00, your room?
Even better.
Great. I'll see you then.
I knew it.
The day I met you
five years ago.
What?
You don't need me.
You and the ball and
the diamond, you're perfect.
You're a perfectly
beautiful thing.
You can win or lose the game
all by yourself.
Mike.
You all right, Billy?
Yeah. You got a pen?
Oh, yeah.
Want you to do me a favor.
I want you to give this
to Wheeler's nephew.
His nephew?
Yeah, that kid
in the clubhouse.
Oh.
Three more! Come on!
Nothing drops out there!
Jesus Christ.
Billy Chapel is
40 years old
as he sits in the dugout
here at Yankee Stadium.
40 years old,
arm weary and aching.
And don't let anybody
tell you or Billy
that life begins at 40.
4, 100 innings Billy Chapel
has walked to the mound
in a brilliant 19-year career.
But never before
in all those years
and in all those innings
has he ever had
a date with destiny
as he has right now.
He will make the fateful walk
to the loneliest spot
in the world,
the pitching mound
at Yankee Stadium,
in quest of the pitcher's
dream, the perfect game.
Billy Chapel,
in quest of the perfect game.
You also realize he may
very well be at the crossroads
of a brilliant career.
He's a cinch to wind up
in the Hall of Fame.
However, after this game he
has to make the big decision.
A, will he continue
to do what has been his life,
maybe more important
than life itself, baseball?
Or will he hang it up,
and would a perfect game
give him
the logical conclusion
to the great career?
Strout.
You're hitting for Ruiz.
Grab a bat.
At 40 years old,
Billy Chapel is flirting
with perhaps the greatest
accomplishment in baseball.
And standing in his way
will be Matt Crane
hitting for Babe Nardini,
then Jesus Cabrillo.
And Ken Strout has a bat
in his hands in the dugout
and might very well get the
call to bat for Jaime Ruiz.
And you know, Steve,
you get the feeling
that Billy Chapel
isn't pitching
against left-handers,
against pinch-hitters,
he isn't pitching
against the Yankees.
He's pitching against time.
He's pitching against
the future, against age,
and even, when you think about
his career, against ending.
And tonight,
I think he might be able
to use that aching
old arm one more time
to push the sun
back up in the sky
and give us
one more day of summer.
Lord,
I know I always said
I'd never involve you
in a baseball game.
It always seemed silly.
I mean, you got enough to do.
But if there's any way
you could make this pain
in my shoulder go away
for about 10 minutes.
Clear the mechanism.
Okay. Okay.
Three more.
Like I done a million times.
It's so tough to come
off the bench, and sit and
watch eight innings of play
and then go up there cold,
and have to try
to swing the bat.
But if you don't get your
pitch and hack at it early
you might not see another one.
Matt Crane poses
quite a threat,
especially now when Billy
has to be on the ropes.
No, Gus. A curve
would hurt too much.
Ground ball to the right side,
smothered back at third base
by Lee Giordano
and throws him out.
That would be
another brilliant play.
Look at this.
I'm talking about tremendous.
No! He beat it!
Two more outs to go,
and here's Jesus Cabrillo,
who struck out
and flied to center.
It's been over 40 years
that I sat at Yankee Stadium
and broadcast the perfect game
by Don Larsen
in the World Series.
And now, I never thought I'd
be able to see another one,
especially from
a 40-year-old pitcher
who may very well be
at the end of his career.
Gus, god damn it, Gus,
just hold it over
the middle of the plate.
I'm throwing
straight shit right now.
Big swing.
And the count, 0 and 1.
What are you swinging at?
It was a ball!
This guy's a bum!
There's a drive down the line.
Foul.
What a scramble up there.
What used to be
just a souvenir
might very well turn out to be
a very valuable baseball.
Oh, God.
Yeah, I know, I'm stalling.
Everybody knows I'm stalling.
Maybe you'd be stalling, too.
And there's
a strike three called.
Billy Chapel striking out
Jesus Cabrillo
for his ninth strikeout.
And he is one out away
from the perfect game.
Wreck it.
All right, skip.
On deck is young Ken Strout,
who will take his swings
for Jaime Ruiz.
Batting for Ruiz.
Number 60, Ken Strout.
Why not?
I think this is
a great move by Bobby Mack,
the Yankee skipper,
sending a kid up.
Ken Strout.
His first major league at bat.
He's just young enough
and cocky enough
to not realize the magnitude
of the situation that he's in.
There's a line drive
down the right field line!
Hooking foul!
And that was too close
for comfort for the Tigers
and for Billy Chapel.
I don't scare you at all,
do I?
Guess you forgot who I am.
Think, Billy,
don't just throw.
Think.
No, curveball's for shit.
He knows it. I know it.
He knows it.
This is gonna hurt
a little bit.
Strike two!
What's that old line?
"If you can keep your head
when all about
you are losing theirs,
"you don't understand
the situation."
That's Kenny Strout right now
as he takes another strike.
And the count is 0 and 2.
But with a weary body and,
no doubt, a sore arm.
Now this big crowd,
over 56,000,
rooting for Billy Chapel
to do the near impossible.
It's either gonna be
your night, kid, or mine.
Will this be the last
pitch of the game?
Will this be the last pitch
in Billy Chapel's life?
Will it be the end of his
brilliant major-league career?
And, if so, what a high note.
0 and 2 the count
to Kenny Strout.
Come on, Billy.
High bouncer!
Off the glove of Chapel!
He's out!
He has done it!
Billy Chapel has pitched
a perfect game!
The cathedral that is Yankee
Stadium belongs to a Chapel!
He was safe!
Nice job, Chapel.
Got to give it to you.
Nice job.
Come on, perfect game.
I told you, Billy!
Didn't I tell you?
History, man!
You're the cream
in my coffee.
That's okay. That's okay.
You didn't know.
This is good right here.
I'll just stay right here.
This is a good spot.
Wait. I got to make
a phone call.
Where are we? All right.
You need anything?
Some water.
Thank you, Chappie.
No problem.
No, not for the water.
I know.
Okay.
Hello. You've reached
the hotel message center.
There are no new messages.
Thank you for using the hotel
message center. Goodbye.
I thought you had
already gone.
I missed my plane. I had
to stay at the airport hotel.
Missed your plane?
There was this ball game on.
You saw it?
With a bunch of Yankee fans.
Grown men crying.
It was
perfect.
Heather saw it, too.
I called her at school.
We were both
so proud of you, Billy.
What are you doing here?
I was...
I was on my way to England.
Why?
Because you're there.
God, I...
I thought I was gonna have
an ocean to think about
what I wanted to say to you,
what I needed to say.
Billy, you don't need to...
Yes, I...
I used to believe.
I mean, I still do
that if you give something
your all, everything you have
it doesn't matter
if you win or lose
as long as you
risked everything,
put everything out there.
And I've done that.
I did it in my life.
I did it with the game.
But not with you.
I never gave you that.
And I'm sorry.
Okay.
I have to go.
Jane.
I've already missed
my plane once.
I know. Listen. Listen.
I know I'm
on really thin ice here,
but when you said
that I didn't need you.
Well, last night,
that should have been
the biggest night of my life.
It wasn't.
It wasn't because
you weren't there.
So I just wanted to tell you
not to change your mind
or keep you from going
just so that you know
that I know
that I need you.
I love you, Jane.
I never believed it.
Believe it.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org